INetRadio - The Internet Radio Player
-------------------------------------
This program was made possible due to the excellent capabilities of the QB64-PE
language and by utilising the GuiTools Framework's multi-window functionality.

Windows can be opened/closed independently. When closing the main program all
other secondary windows will automatically cloese too. You may arrange the
windows and they will remember its positions.

INetRadio is mostly self-explaining, so it should be easy to explore all its
features even without a comprehensive documentation. Most controls have tooltips
attached to it, which pop up after a second when resting the mouse over it.

INetRadio supports UTF-8 and is using the huge Pan Unicode font arialuni.ttf
to display Stations/Titles of many countries which doesn't use latin script.

Compiling and EXE
-----------------
You should compile INetRadio either directly into its source folder or move
the compiled EXE there afterwards, so it can find its INR-Assets folder.
Or expressed different, when you move the EXE to your desired place, then also
make sure to place a copy of the INR-Assets folder in the same location.





The Main Window
---------------
It shows the currently selected Radio Station and the Feeds comming in with the
stream, which mostly is the currently playing song but may also be other things
like Station informations or advertisements. The controls should be obvious.

The Settings Window
-------------------
A couple of things you may change to your desire, the tooltips will help you.

The Informations Window
-----------------------
Gives some additional informations returned by the accessed server such as
the Stations Web URL or the played music genre. The controls allow to copy the
URL or directly open it in your standard browser.

The Recent Titles Window
------------------------
Shows the recently played titles and Station switches. You may mark the current
title, e.g. if you like it and wanna look it up later on Youtube or iTunes.
INetRadio warns at exit, if marked titles exist end allows to save the list.

The Stations Manager Window
---------------------------
Allows you to directly switch to another Station, delete or import Stations or
editing the Stations names.

The Station name edit Window
----------------------------
Click in the input field to activate it and then edit the name, confirm your
input with an <Enter> press. In alternative simply close the window to cancel
editing. But attention, keep the mouse pointer over the editing window while
typing, the input field will go inactive if the mouse hits another INR window.
Note also that the input field does not support UTF-8 as QB64-PE currently has
no unicode input methods, i.e. if the Station name contains foreign characters,
then you see only char salad in the field. The best things you can do in such
a case is to either leave the name as is (close the editor window) or replace
it with a complete new name.





My internet data is limited, how much will Web-Radio need?
----------------------------------------------------------
Well, that depends mainly on the bitrate of the stream you're listening to,
as higher the bitrate, as more data will flow through your internet line.
The most preset Stations in INetRadio are 128Kbit streams, except of the
"Paradise Radio" streams, which are 192Kbit. The 128Kbit streams roughly
eat 57MB per hour, hence you'd hit 1GB after approx. 18 hours listening.
The 192Kbit streams eat 85MB per hour, hence 1GB after approx. 12 hours.

If you have streams with other bitrates you may use the formula below:
    MB per hour = (((Kbits * 1024) / 8) * 3600) / 1048576





How can I add more Radio Stations?
----------------------------------
1. The Radio Station must provide the real audio stream addresses for use in
   external players on their website. This can either be as text you can copy
   or as link/button you can click to download a single entry *.m3u, *.m3u8 or
   *.pls file containing the required stream addresses.
   What i mean is something like the "Play in your MP3 Player" button on
   http://www.absolutechillout.com/ or the various links and addresses on
   https://www.radioswissjazz.ch/de/empfang/internet.
   If the Station doesn't offer such links but rather want you to subscribe or
   download and use their own App, then you can assume they most probably won't
   even allow external players accessing their streams anyways.
   Note also that Stations may restrict streaming in/for/to certain countries,
   a quick test using the embedded player on their website will show you.
2. Clicking the stream address link/button will usually start downloading a
   single entry *.m3u, *.m3u8 or *.pls file. If the Station only offers a
   stream address to copy, but no download, then simply copy the address and
   paste it into a new blank text file and save that as StationName.m3u. If
   the Station offers multiple stream encodings, then make sure to choose a
   format supported by QB64-PE, that is Mp3, Ogg, Wav or Aiff/Aifc.
3. You can now import the just downloaded (or saved) file into INetRadio in
   the "Stations Manager" window. Note that plain *.m3u(8) and *.pls files do
   not contain the Stations name, instead the filename will be used as Station
   name and you may edit it afterwards. Files using the extended *.m3u(8) format
   contain the correct Station name.
3.1. Sometimes a downloaded file is not single entry, but contains a whole bunch
     of stream addresses which are all added when importing. That are usually
     alternative servers. If one server is down or idle, you may try another.
     However, I never experienced a need for that and I usually keep only the
     first entry and delete all other. It's up to you, if you keep or delete it.
4. If you wish, you may edit the Radio Stations names after importing.

To be honest, it's very hard to find good streaming services which don't
require you to subscribe or downloading and using their own App and which are
nevertheless free for use and don't pack their streams with tons of commercials.

But I've found two California based services free for use (well they beg for
donations) and absolutely 100% commercial free. Just the latter fact justifies
a donation I guess.

https://radioparadise.com/ (Eureka,CA)
https://somafm.com/ (San Francisco,CA)

I've already added a couple of their channels to the preset Stations list, but
there are plenty more channels to explore on the websites, the above mentioned
*.m3u links are at the very bottom of each channels page on SomaFM, simply
choose any available MP3. On Radio Paradise use the menu "Listen >> Stream links".

